Add estimate tx dependencies to docs (#756)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/calling-contracts/tx-dependency-estimation.md

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/contracts/src/lib.rs:dependency_estimation_fail}}
```

As mentioned in previous chapters, you can specify the external contract with `.set_contracts()` and add an output variable with `append_variable_outputs()` to resolve this:

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/contracts/src/lib.rs:dependency_estimation_manual}}
```

But this requires you to know the contract id of the external contract and the needed number of output variables. Alternatively, by chaining `.estimate_tx_dependencies()` instead, the dependencies will be estimated by the SDK and set automatically. The optional parameter is the maximum number of simulation attempts:

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/contracts/src/lib.rs:dependency_estimation}}
```

The minimal number of attempts corresponds to the number of external contracts and output variables needed and defaults to 10.

> **Note:** `.estimate_tx_dependencies()` can also be used when working with multi calls.

> > **Note:** if no resolution was found after exhausting all simulation attempts, the last received error will be propagated. The same will happen if an error occurs that is not related to the transactions dependencies.

Reviewer: Improving clarity and conciseness of the last sentence:

```suggestion
> **Note:** if no resolution was found after exhausting all simulation attempts, the last received error will be propagated. The same will happen if an error is unrelated to transaction dependencies.
```
